ESPO-R5 v1.0 (#3)
Ouranosinc/ESPO-R: README.md

dask, xclim benefits from simple to use parallelization and distributed computing tools 
and can be easily deployed on High Performance Computing (HPC) environments.

This repository contains the code used to generate and analyze the ESPO-R datasets. In
addition to xclim and other freely available python libraries, it uses [xscen](https://github.com/Ouranosinc/xscen),

> a tool also developed at Ouranos to build climate data processing workflows. This tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a tool also developed at Ouranos to assemble data processing workflows for constructing climate scenarios. This tool
```
I think there should be the word scenario in the descirption of xscen.

> as the particularity of relying on data catalogs as handled by [intake-esm](https://intake-esm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has the particularity of relying on data catalogs as handled by [intake-esm](https://intake-esm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html)
```

as well as on YAML configuration files with a simple but specific structure. The catalog
files and all paths needed by the configuration are missing from this repository, since

> they are specific to the data architecture of the computed running the code. To reproduce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
they are specific to the data architecture of the computer running the code. To reproduce
```

ESPO-R, one will need:

- `CORDEX.json` and `CORDEX.csv` :An intake-esm catalog, compatible with xscen, listing the daily CORDEX datasets to use as inputs.

> - `project.json` and `project.csv`: An intake-esm catalog, compatible with xscen, listing the datasets created by this code.

Reviewer: Your code doesn't create that ? It is not very clear that you need it to reproduce the code, but it lists the datasets created by the code..

Reviewer: J'imagine que c'est parce que tu en as besoin pour l'analyse, mais le post-processing ne l'a pas créé parce que ça pré-date xscen? Ça mériterait une petite clarification.

Author: En effet c'est parce que ça pré-date xscen. En fait, je peux juste le créer dans le script d'ajustement.

Author: J'ai finalement ajouté une phrase, trop chicken de modifier le script _après_ que les données soient générées.

A more detailed explanation of the adjustment process is given in [the documentation](Documentation/adjustment.pdf).

### Performance
Bias-adjustment of climate simulations is a quest with many traps.
In order to assess the improvements and deteriorations that the process brought to the simulations we emulated the VALUE validation framework (Maraun et al., 2015).
While that project aimed to "to validate and compare downscaling methods", we recycled its idea of statistical "properties" and "measures" to measure bias between the simulations, scenarios and the reference.

A detailed analysis is given in [the documentation](Documentation/performance.pdf).

> The general conclusions we can give about the quality of ESPO-R5 are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The general conclusions we can give about the quality of ESPO-R5v1.0 are:
```
